so if anyone wants this hairstyle they
just need to go to their nearest
Koreatown and whatever metropolitan area
and order the quote my up fam
yes alright we are here on the second
day of week three of the NA LCS with
smoothie and coverage presented of
course by Omni slash for the second
attempt at this interview smoothie you
want to explain what happened yesterday
all right well Travis came out to me
aspirin interview and basically we went
like ten minutes into an interview and
then it was it was probably an hour at
least okay yeah probably an hour at
least but all that content just went to
waste because somebody not naming any
names wrote him okay I mean Road in
couldn't record the sound to guess so
it's a pretty unfortunate it's like
we're doing we're the same day that the
the behind the scenes every like broward
cinematic genius we have to just hope we
trash the whole and everybody but now we
got the second attempt so let's go for
it
so I'm trying to remember all the stuff
we talked about yesterday we talked
about your hair we'll talk about that in
a second but what else did we talk about
what do we talk about the matter I think
did I ask you about the matter oh yeah
yeah okay so all the all the players
that I interview for the most part very
frustrated with the meta but when we
were chatting yesterday you said you
were it's not that big of a deal for you
yeah I mean I only think it's not big of
a deal cuz you know the Met has been
changed to be like a really you know bad
meta like it's gonna happen like
eventually anyway so all you really got
to do is just adapt and hopefully you
learn faster than the enemy and yeah
that's all you can really ask for
because it is a game that you know
changes so much do you have any changes
that you would like to see cuz what what
is interesting is all the pros that I've
talked to all seem to have different
aspects of this that they don't like and
they're like did you get rid of
stopwatch or make it later you should
change TP or I think Peters really
frustrated with it like it feels like
you just had to stall for Gathering
Storm and all the stuff well I mean that
part is or the Gathering Storm thing
kind of got fixed with the removal of
you know relic shield for ATC's it's
still decently bad but it's not as bad
over obviously the thing I would change
would probably be spell book like the
fact you can go TP on like 40 psi
sometimes in a game on the same team and
does it makes the game super chaotic and
I don't want to deal with that it's the
worst feeling support when you're trying
to time every single TP on the map and
it's just like you cannot you can't do
it yeah so notebook next to you and
you're like I think you're like carry
the two quadratic equation it's very
difficult I'm sure okay so if if they
change spell book does that you that
would make you much more happy with the
meta or at least make like the strong
summoner spells like flash and TP a
longer cooldown or like maybe take they
me to shards instead of one chart to
swap it something like that it's just
way too weird right now
yeah alright other than that our think's
going on cloud 9 and how do you feel
about your guys's position in the and
the scene Phoenix says he thinks echo
Fox is still number one and Ava even
though a bunch of teams are tied are you
guys you guys are only last one right
yeah okay so you're tied with there's a
giant tie for first place right now
we're where do you think you guys stand
against some of these other teams I mean
against we lost Canseco Fox but the
balling kind of on the game we had
like double spellbook versus the actual
summoner spells and that Guardian also
whatever except oh and we still want to
be too so we should have won that game
because we're so ahead but we lost
anyway but I think that all top teams so
TL us and Michael Fox right now well on
a pretty good spot I think I can Fox
will fall off eventually they're doing
really well right now and right now
we're actually not playing that well in
scrims
and like we were performing really wanna
stage so I'm really really hopeful for
like client's improvement for the next
couple weeks what do you think about 100
thieves I think he was actually pretty
good I was pretty surprised actually at
first I didn't expect him to come out so
strong but they've lost a couple games I
think two games one today I think but um
yeah actually they're pretty good as a
team actually they'd look like they got
along really well and oh no so nice
seeing medius
my farming team made successful
some friends and I were talking about
this last night do what do you think the
chances are that at the end of the split
we just see it kind of return to this
all right we've got CLG TSM cloud9 and
maybe Team Liquid it's just like the
classic for comeback and like that's
what we see in spring finals it's
obviously a possibility
I mean Co G's been starting to be get a
lot better than what they were the first
week obviously or first two weeks so I
expect that to be a pretty good sign for
them but I think the other teams like
let's see 100 thieves is pretty good I
think to make it to playoffs
other than that who else is actually
doing good right now okay yeah I mean it
definitely could be that but I think I
drew 200 these will be pretty decent and
we'll fight for the spot of top where
what do you think of clutch optic golden
Guardians all these guys because it
seems like they're still struggling to
get their feet underneath them is there
a chance that we see any of these guys
figure it out or do you think that maybe
we'll see it's more likely we'll see the
pop up in summer hmm I think for at
least golden Guardian summer is probably
when you're gonna get that resurgence
right now they've gone through the drama
you know their head coach being kicked
off for some reason you don't really
know
let's see clutch gaming's has potential
I think their ball games always been
pretty good like Apollo in Tuckahoe
they have forbidden who's uh yeah she
did played really well today
so I'm props to him and yeah they have a
rookie top laner in solo and they're
pretty good I think but just need some
time to mesh and you know get together
oh optic it's hard to say for optic I
think they're pretty decent except for
their games go on they have the even
worse at closing out games at us like by
far I think the couple of 60-minute
games so I think they're not bad but
they need some work for sure okay and
then I also kind of want to get your
take on deftly because I've heard some
people actually think he's a pretty good
player he's definitely a rookie and you
know obviously the team isn't doing as
well but what do you think of him as a
player
well definitely I think he has potential
obviously it's hard to shine on a bad
team or a team that's not performing
well yeah oh no it's hard to say because
obviously if you're playing the macro
wrong and you're playing like really bad
team coms like today they played Kali
oj4 which are a good duo but they played
it Vizier and Tristana which you can't
really lock down like usually when you
play those kind of calm so you hope hope
to god they have like a varus or
something or a mobile carries to use
Jarvan all tiem and got the ulti and he
died but I'm not sure it's pretty hard
to say okay jury's still out
finally one of the things that we talked
about yesterday in the interview was
that again referencing the silly video
that I put out with Brodin I asked a
friend what she thought of the whole
feature source some feet early feedback
and her whole takeaway was smoothy's
hair is amazing I need to know who does
smoothy's hair so let's talk a little
bit about your hair
who how does this happen
Koreans did okay so you go to Korean
hairstylist Korean shop and it kind of
get the Korean style hair I mean I guess
so I'll go to like several Korean salons
I guess in k-town la several awesome is
it is it like a line you go and you go
to one then and they do stage one of
your hair that's stage two colors I said
about me I mean - okay I've been to -
and they both play solid I go to one
called hair day right now it's pretty
pretty good yeah and when you did you
say this is the look that I want because
there's there's both the style and the
color how did you arrive at this or do
you just say like do what you need to do
okay well at first before I dyed my hair
or anything I just said like my
up em you know like just do
whatever you think it's good because I'm
not really creative so I don't really I
don't really I can't really think of
this right it just happened but I'm not
even sure I just eventually got this and
everyone starts like started liking it
so I was keep it I guess I'll just keep
going back and doing the same same style
and then the color the color I just did
off impulse honestly I just wanna try it
out like I'm still young right so just
try new things and I'm probably not
gonna go back
like some like super colorful color like
gray or blue probably gonna do like
brown most is this c9 inspired I guess
it could be but it wasn't it wasn't yeah
so if anyone wants this hairstyle they
just need to go to their nearest
Koreatown and whatever metropolitan area
and order the quote my up fam
yes okay very good glad that we figured
that out smoothly is there anything that
you would like to say to any other fans
out there thanks guys for supporting me
and follow Travis cafard and whatever
YouTube is and Twitter and well so you
have Instagram Instagram
yeah the instagrams a little there's
different content there ya go go check
this out thank you thank you so much for
the interview smoothly for everyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hope you
enjoyed that interview I certainly did
and if you haven't yet please subscribe
because I won't and partnership with
Omni slash we got a bunch more
interviews coming up from LCS make sure
you don't miss them